Extending time pattern trigger to handle multiple values by comma (#12527)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/automation/trigger.markdown

### Time pattern trigger

> With the time pattern trigger, you can match if the hour, minute or second of the current time matches a specific value. You can prefix the value with a `/` to match whenever the value is divisible by that number. You can specify `*` to match any value (when using the web interface this is required, the fields cannot be left empty). You can specify values separated by comma, ie: "8,20,21" to use only these values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the time pattern trigger, you can match if the hour, minute or second of the current time matches a specific value. You can prefix the value with a `/` to match whenever the value is divisible by that number. You can specify `*` to match any value (when using the web interface this is required, the fields cannot be left empty). You can specify values separated by a comma, i.e., `8,20,21` to use only these values.
```
